The world is the
way it is today
because of the stories we have
communicated to each other.
Every culture has
a mythology that
answers the basic
questions - who are you?
What is a human being?
What's important in life?
How does change
happen in the world?
Where do we come from?
Where are we going?
One of the problems
with the old story
within Western
culture is that it's
perpetuated a
sense of separation
between humans and the planet.
We are putting so much
pressure on the environment,
so much pressure on
poor people, so much
pressure on the atmosphere.
Never before has a mass
industrial civilization
run on the principles
of interconnectedness.
We need the perspectives of
different cultures in order
to weave the story for
humanity of the future,
not try to reach a single
story, but figure out -
what are our common values?
♪ Whatever your political party
♪ or whatever the colour of your skin
♪ we are all in this together
♪ and only together can we do something
The Western world is
discovering its role
on the co-creation of a
new world on this planet.
For real change,
not just small
changes but major changes,
systemic changes.
We have the
collective intelligence
to create all the
solutions we might need.
It's not just
solutions out there.
It's solutions in here.
We're not going to get out
of this environmental mess
by science and policy alone.
♪ We are all in this together
♪ and only together can we do something
We need to build a movement
that connects ecology,
social justice, and cosmology
using the power of dream,
the power of story, the power
of art, and the power of action.
Anything that anybody
does that is for life
automatically makes you a
revolutionary for our species.
♪ Well come on now, well it's time,
♪ it's time to care for Earth